{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman{\*\falt Palatino};\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic{\*\falt Palatino Italic};\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica{\*\falt Helvetica};\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica{\*\falt Helvetica};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\title 2030-2}
{\author T. N. Husted}
{\creatim\yr2026\mo3\dy29\hr12\min51\sec2\timesinceref796495862}
{\revtim\yr2026\mo3\dy29\hr12\min51\sec2\timesinceref796495862}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\viewkind1
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 
\pgrestart\pgnstarts1{\header {}}
{\footer {\pard\plain\qc {\f3\fs24 {\chpgn}\par}}}

\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\'93{\*\bkmkstart Im_Home}I\'92m{\*\bkmkend Im_Home} home,\'94 he calls from the front door, swinging a briefcase onto the hall table.\
\
\'93Hello dear,\'94 she says, giving him a peck on the cheek.\
\
\'93What\'92s for dinner? I\'92m starved.\'94 He settles into a recliner next to the sofa.\
\
\'93Wyoming Burgers and Idaho Fries,\'93 she says over her shoulder, retreating into the kitchen.\
\
\'93Again?\'94\
\
She sighs. \'93I only have three recipes that I can make with what they have at the store. There are some Iowa Chicken cold cuts if you would like a sandwich instead.\'94\
\
\'93Burgers are fine. I know shopping is a hassle. It\'92s nobody\'92s fault.\'94\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Over dinner, he asks, \'93The  state caucus is coming up. Do you like any of the nominees?\'94\
\
A smile dances across her lips. \'93You know that I\'92m not political,\'94 she replies. \'93As head of household, you can cast our vote any way you see fit.\'94\
\
\'93Are you sure? The state legislature appoints the electoral college now, who then install the president.\'94\
\
She nods. \'93I\'92m sure.\'94\
\
\'93Okay, just thought I\'92d ask.\'94\
\
\'93I love that you ask, but politics are like the weather to me. No matter what we say about it, what happens, still happens. You vote, I\'92ll cook.\'94\
\
\'93Deal \'97 And the beef is delicious.\'94\
\
\'93Thanks. It\'92s my sister\'92s recipe.\'94\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
After dinner, she asks, \'93Did you check the streaming schedule? Is there anything new tonight? We\'92re falling behind on our Patriot Points.\'94\
\
\'93Yes, we have \'91Beaver Meets World\'92, \'91My Father the Car\'92, and \'91ICE Nashville\'92\'94. He starts to hum, \'93
\f1\i What are you going to do when they come for you?
\f0\i0 \'94\
\
\'93That sounds nice, dear. Can we watch ICE first? I don\'92t like too much excitement right before bed.\'94\
\
\'93Sure,\'93 his voice drops,\'93\'85 or I found an old DVD player in the attic with a disc still inserted.\'94\
\
\'93Where did it come from? How did the collectors miss it?\'94\
\
\'93I bought it at a garage sale back in the \'9220s and forgot about it. The DVD is \'91Brewster\'92s Millions\'92.\'94\
\
Eyebrows raised, she says, \'93You know that\'92s banned.\'94 \
\
\'93No one will know. I can cut the network and cable it in directly.\'94\
\
\'93It\'92s too risky. We have a baby on the way. If the monitors  find out, our child could be raised without us while we go to rehab.\'94\
\
\'93You\'92re right. I\'92ll get rid of it.\'94 He holds up the remote and selects a show. \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Later, at midnight, he pads down to the kitchen for a snack. Murmuring out loud, he says, \'93I miss the days when you could use porn to help you sleep.\'94 \
\
He tilts his head for a second, thinking wistfully, \'93
\f1\i YOLO
\f0\i0 .\'94 Walking to the hall closet, he pulls out the illicit DVD player.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 \'93Just this once
\f0\i0 ,\'94 he tells himself. \'93
\f1\i Then it goes to the reclamation depot.\'94\

\f0\i0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 {\*\bkmkstart Robert_How_Nice_To_See_You}Standing{\*\bkmkend Robert_How_Nice_To_See_You} in line for coffee, a woman taps him on the shoulder. \'93Robert, how nice to see you.\'94\
\
Turning, he says, \'93Eloise, splurging on coffee now?\'94\
\
\'93Now and again. How have you been?\'94\
\
\'93Great. Your sister mentioned that you\'92ve been stopping by. How\'92s Billie? Is she ready for a new cousin?\'94\
\
\'93I think she\'92s already counting the babysitting money.\'94\
\
The line moves forward, and Robert orders a latte, adding, \'93Along with whatever the lady is having.\'94\
\
\'93Thank you, but I can buy my own coffee.\'94\
\
\'93Indulge me. I hardly ever see you.\'94\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Stepping away from the coffee cart, Eloise says, \'93Can we walk and talk for a moment?\'94\
\
\'93Sure. I have a few minutes yet.\'94\
\
Eloise casts quick glances skyward as she steers Robert toward a neighborhood park. Pausing under a tree, she says, \'93A lot of people don\'92t know that when you disconnect a television from the web, it continues to log activity and uploads it when it reconnects.\'94\
\
Robert coughs and almost chokes on his latte.\
\
\'93Now the log doesn\'92t know 
\f1\i what
\f0\i0  someone watched offline, but it does know something ran for a certain amount of time, say 101 minutes.\'94\
\
Robert\'92s eyes dart from side to side, clearly concerned.\
\
\'93I love my sister,\'94 says Eloise, \'93and I want her to be able to care for my niece or nephew.\'94\
\
Robert stutters, \'93It won\'92t happen again.\'94 \
\
Eloise turns to face him. \'93See that it doesn\'92t. Destroy any contraband and get a receipt.\'94\
\
Robert nods, color draining from his face. \
\
She tips her styrofoam cup toward him. \'93Thank you for the coffee.\'94 Eloise turns on her heel and walks back the way they came.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
{\*\bkmkstart Elections_Have_Consequences_}At{\*\bkmkend Elections_Have_Consequences_} 1.8 meters tall, the high school teacher blocks most of the erasable board. Turning his back to the class, Mr. Evans starts writing smoothly with a large marker. His thick blond hair brushes his shoulders as he writes.\
\
Mr. Evans is the heartthrob of most of the girls in his class. (As well as some of the boys \'97 
\f1\i shhh
\f0\i0 .)\
\
Turning around and stepping to one side, he reveals the popular slogan:\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Elections have consequences.
\f0\i0 \
\
\'93Monday is Mandate Day. What is the mandate that we celebrate on Monday? \'97 Billie?\'94\
\
\'93We celebrate the rise of Nationalism and the fall of Antifa,\'94 answers a girl with green streaks in her dark hair.\
\
\'93Yes, before the wave, some misguided people were trying to destroy our country. \'97 Can anyone name a problem we had then?\'94\
\
Different voices call out, \
\
\'93Illegals.\'94\
\
\'93Vaccines.\'94\
\
\'93DEI.\'94\
\
\'93Tylenol.\'94\
\
Evans claps and then raises his hands to calm the room.\
\
Picking up a textbook from his desk, Evans reads aloud from a marked passage, \
\
\'93The mandate ensures that we never have to vote again. Our leadership is free to choose the best people to represent our interests in the betterment of our nation.\'94\
\
Swinging the book down, Evans leans back and asks, \'93Why is voting not free? \'97 Anthony?\'94\
\
A boy with dark hair and a single white streak across the brow answers in a mechanical tone.\
\
\'93Elections are like a pickup basketball game. Picking should not be a popularity contest. We are free when our leaders can act on our behalf and make the important choices. Households caucus to appoint the state legislature, and our leaders do the rest.\'94\
\
Evans nods. \'93Almost word for word. Excellent!\'94 He stands straight up, pauses, then asks the room:\
\
\'93If I favor voting, what am I?\'94\
\
\'93WOKE!\'94 in unison.\
\
\'93And who is woke?\'94\
\
\'93Antifa!\'94\
\
The bell rings. \'93Class dismissed.\'94\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
{\*\bkmkstart Eloise}Eloise{\*\bkmkend Eloise} Sullivan missed having a man in her life. \
\
It\'92s been ten years since her husband, Roger, died. She could count her number of dates on one hand, with fingers to spare.\
\
At first, it was all she could do to look after their daughter, Billie. At least, the generous ICE pension paid the bills. Now, with working as a monitor part-time, she\'92s starting to get ahead.\
\
As Billie grew older, she began to wonder: \'93
\f1\i Where does a single mom meet an unattached man?
\f0\i0 \'94\
\
Coming in through the kitchen door, her daughter asked, \'93Hi, mom, what\'92s for dinner?\'94\
\
\'93The store had Wyoming Beef today, so I made meatloaf.\'94\
\
\'93Yum, are there any green beans?\'94\
\
\'93Not today, but we can have Idaho Freedom Fries. \'97 How was school?\'94\
\
\'93About that \'85 There was an incident.\'94\
\
\'93You mean a shooting? I didn\'92t hear anything.\'94\
\
\'93Not a shooting. But there was an altercation between two students.\'94\
\
\'93Was anyone hurt?\'94\
\
\'93No, a drone broke it up, and security grabbed the kids.\'94\
\
\'93Was it anyone you know?\'94\
\
\'93Kinda. It was two girls.\'94\
\
Eloise made a tsk-tsk sound with her tongue.\
\
\'93The first girl posted something about the second girl\'92s mom online. Second girl asked first girl to take it down. First girl refused. Second girl pushed her. Drone broke it up.\'94\
\
\'93Did anyone get tased?\'94\
\
\'93No. Security brought them to the principal.\'94\
\
\'93I feel bad for the parents.\'94\
\
\'93Me too,\'94 says Billie, handing her mom a tablet.\
\
\'93What\'92s this?\'94\
\
\'93I was the second girl. Maddie Fox posted a meme of you online and wouldn\'92t take it down. It\'92s in an attachment.\'94\
\
Eloise opens the attachment. It\'92s a character from an old cartoon. A rat is standing like a person with pointed ears, wearing a red robe with a black belt. The hands and feet are furry paws. In one paw-hand, there is a wooden cane. A pointed, ribbed tail snakes out from the back of the robe. Over what would be the rat\'92s snout, Eloise\'92s face is crudely pasted.\
\
\'93Maddie said her mom didn\'92t cut the grass enough, and you reduced her benefits.\'94\
\
\'93Monitors don\'92t control  benefits, but if she was already low on points, I guess it could happen.\'94\
\
\'93Can you make the meeting with the principal tomorrow? It\'92s mandatory when a drone is involved.\'94\
\
\'93I guess I\'92ll have to,\'94 Eloise replies, wondering how Billie got the upper hand.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 {\*\bkmkstart Classroom_Drama}Eloise{\*\bkmkend Classroom_Drama} pushes her phone through the opening under the security window outside Billie\'92s school, open to the disciplinary notice.  \
\
\'93Hello, I\'92m here about my daughter, Billie Sullivan.\'94\
\
The receptionist glances at the phone. \'93ID, please.\'94\
\
Eloise pulls back her phone, opens her ID app, and slides it through again.\
\
\'93Room 204, up the stairs and to the right.\'94\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Entering the room, she sees Billie already seated at a classroom desk. Next to her is another girl and a mom-aged woman, both slim and pretty. \
\
A tall, blonde man rises from behind the teacher\'92s desk. \'93Mrs. Sullivan, right on time. Please have a seat.\'94 He gestures to the seat next to Billie and crosses in front of his desk.\
\
\'93I\'92m Mr. Evans, the acting vice principal, and we are here to review the incident between Maddie and Billie.\'94 \
\
He pauses and picks up a tablet. \'93Full disclosure, I also have the girls in my history class,\'94 Evans smiles, \'93though not usually in the front row.\'94\
\
Looking at the tablet, he says, \'93Maddie is cited with \'91Public Shaming\'92 and Billie is cited with \'91Violating Personal Space.\'92\'94\
\
\'93Personal space!\'94 Maddie exclaims. \'93She shoved me,\'94\
\
\'93I barely touched you,\'94 says Billie. \
\
\'93I\'92ve reviewed the meme and the drone video,\'94 Evan injects, \'93and the citations are fair. Let\'92s discuss the meme first. Maddie, why did you post a hurtful image of Mrs. Sullivan?\'94\
\
Maddie sits back in her desk, arms crossed. \'93She reduced our benefits, and I had to eat dry cereal for breakfast.\'94\
\
Ruth Fox says, \'93Mrs. Sullivan is just doing her job, Maddie.\'94 \
\
\'93The point reduction was related to lawn care?\'94 asks Mr. Evans.\
\
\'93Yes.\'94 replies Ruth. \'93We use a push mower to save on the energy bill. It only cuts just low enough. Some weeks, the grass grows back before I can cut it again.\'94\
\
\'93Did you receive a warning in the mail?\'94 asks Eloise, turning sideways in her desk.\
\
\'93Mail delivery is expensive, and we only get the mail once a month. I didn\'92t get the notice until after the reduction.\'94\
\
\'93I wish they would use email,\'94 says Eloise, \'93but I\'92m told it\'92s not binding.\'94 She places a finger to the side of her cheek. \'93There might be something I can do. Have you received an energy credit for using the push mower?\'94\
\
\'93No,\'94 says Ruth. \'93There\'92s a credit?\'94\
\
\'93Yes, one sec.\'94 Eloise taps on her phone. \'93Okay, it\'92s applied to your account, and your point balance is back to where is was.\'94\
\
\'93Thank you,\'94 says Ruth, her voice breaking. \'93Maddie\'92s dad isn\'92t in the picture, and I\'92ve been working doubles at the hospital. My schedule doesn\'92t leave a lot of time to earn Patriot Points.\'94\
\
\'93Mrs. Sullivan,\'94 asks Evans, \'93do you wish to proceed against Maddie as to the public shaming incident?\'94\
\
\'93No, I do not.\'94\
\
\'93Now as to the personal space violation,\'94 continues Evans, \'93Mrs. Fox, do you wish to proceed against Billie?\'94\
\
Ruth shakes her head. \'93No, I don\'92t.\'94 \
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Two sullen girls in tow, the moms walk next to each other in the hall.\
\
\'93You should be able to pickup some milk on the way home,\'94 offers Eloise.\
\
\'93The food bank is usually out of perishables by now. I\'92ll have to try tomorrow. But thank you for your help.\'94\
\
\'93What do you do at the hospital?\'94\
\
\'93Nurse\'92s Aid. Not glamorous, but it\'92s paying the bills. Just barely.\'94\
\
Eloise nods and pushes open the school\'92s outer door.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ***\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In the car, Eloise pulls out her phone again. \'93Give me a minute, Billie, there\'92s something else I pmight be able to do.\'94\
\
\'93Jon, it\'92s Eloise. Do you have any perishables in stock for tomorrow that you can spare? Specifically, milk? \'85 Great, can you deliver two liters of milk to Ruth Fox? She\'92s qualified for assistance. You can charge my account for the delivery. \'85 Thanks, Jon, you\'92re the best.\'94\
\
Turning to Billie, she says, \'93It looks like Maddie will have a wet breakfast after all.\'94}